Simplifying first zkVM explainer (#191)
risc0/website: docs/zkvm/zkvm_overview.md

---

# Overview of the zkVM
> WARNING: This software is still experimental, we do not recommend it for production use.

_If you're ready to start building, check out our [zkVM Starter Template] and our [zkVM example applications]._

The RISC Zero [zero-knowledge virtual machine] (zkVM) lets you [prove] correct execution of arbitrary Rust code. 
By allowing users to build zero-knowledge applications that leverage existing Rust packages, the RISC Zero zkVM makes it quick and easy to build powerful verifiable software applications. 

> For example, users can convince third parties about the contents of [JPG and JSON] files, while the contents of those files remain fully private. 

Reviewer: IMO this wording was unclear, perhaps this is better?
```suggestion
For example, users can provably reveal a portion of [JPG and JSON] files, while keeping the remainder of those files fully private. 
```
